⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺
The Cyndicate's: 'ezCharge Adapter'
For the Baofeng Charger. 

• Backing Plate x1: 
  56mm/2.205in[ᴡ] x 21mm/.8265in[ʜ﻿] x 0.85mm/0.0335in[ᴅ]

• Center Plate(s) x2:
  30mm/1.181in[ᴡ] x 21mm/.8265in[ʜ﻿] x 0.85mm/0.0335in[ᴅ] 
  OR ⤾
• Center Plate x1:
  30mm/1.181in[ᴡ] x 21mm/.8265in[ʜ﻿] x 1.7mm/0.0669in[ᴅ]

• Conductive Tape:
  5mm/0.197in[ᴡ]

• Thin Wire:
  ≤18[ᴀᴡɢ]

• Glue
⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼

1. Glue the two center plates together.

2. Glue those plates to the middle of 
   the backplate, with the bottom of 
   all plates aligned, flat.

3. Line up the 5mm conductive tape with 
   the charging contact springs and tape 
   one layer, vertically. From inside 
   seam to inside seam they should be 
   15mm/0.5905in apart.

4. Wrap the thin wire, 1 time, around 
   the middle of both tape tracks.

5. Wrap a few more layers of conductive 
   tape over the wires, maybe 3-5 times.

6. Wrap electrical tape around the 
   middle to insulate the contact tracks 
   from each other. You'll likely have 
   to trim the side of the tape.

That's it ❢❢

Just place the backing plate behind the 
track rails in the charger and now it 
is very simple to place your radio in 
the charger for an easy full charge. 
Easy to pick it right up and go, without 
having to fumble with the feather-light 
factory charger.

⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼⎼



‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗‗
02:42:40AM on Jun/18/2019	      ␃​​​	​ ​​ ​​​​	​​​	​​​ 	␃
